Tab panel (#627)
Lundalogik/lime-elements: src/components/tab-panel/tab-panel.mdx

---
name: Tab panel
route: /tab-panel
menu: Components
---

# Tab panel 

### 🚧 This feature is work in progress. It can be tested out by setting the feature switch `enableTabs` 🚧

The `tab-panel` component uses the `tab-bar` component together with custom slotted components and will display the 
content for the currently active tab. Each slotted component must have an id equal to the id of the corresponding tab
it belongs to.

> The `tab-panel` component will automatically send each tab configuration to the corresponding slotted component as a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tab-panel` component will automatically set each tab configuration on the corresponding slotted component as a
```

property named `tab` so that the component can take action upon that. Sometimes it might be desirable to not load data
or render anything until the tab is active. 

The slotted components can also emit the `changeTab` event to update anything inside the actual tab, e.g. to change
the icon, color or badge.

<limel-props name="limel-tab-panel" />

## Example

> This example illustrates how to add custom components inside the `tab-panel`. Each component will simulate to load the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates how to add custom components inside the `tab-panel`. Each component will simulate loading the
```

data it needs once the tab has been activated and then display the actual content. If the button is pressed, the 
component will emit the `changeTab` event to change the badge inside the corresponding tab.

<limel-example name="limel-example-tab-panel" />

### Custom component

> This is the component that is used in the example above for each tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the component that is used for each panel in the example above.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the component that is used for each tab in the example above.
```

Reviewer: I don't know which one is better… 🤔

> <limel-example name="limel-example-tab-panel-content" path="tab-panel"/>

Reviewer: I guess there's no way to get this to not show a perpetual spinner, is there? 😣

Author: No I don't think there is an easy way :disappointed: 
The code is the most important part anyway since the component is displayed above as well

Reviewer: True. Imma see if I can make some magic in a different branch 😛

Reviewer: Added option for code-only examples in #630 

I've rebased this onto that, and used the new option in the above example.
